# Image-Restoration-Using-Cycle-GAN
In recent years, deep learning has achieved remarkable success in image restoration applications. However, several challenges remain. Most existing deep learning techniques depend heavily on paired training images, which are difficult to obtain in real-world scenarios. First, most deep learning methods rely heavily on paired training images, which are difficult to capture in the real world. Second, most existing methods are designed for a specific image restoration task, and continuous learning of multiple tasks leads to fatal forgetting. Third, most multi-task image restoration methods train a single network for each task and require knowledge of the distortion type during both training and testing, which consumes a lot of computation time and memory. To solve the above problems, we propose a novel lifelong learning framework based on CycleGAN for multi-task continuous image restoration, which improves low-light images while removing blur and noise. The model uses knowledge distillation and memory replay to transfer knowledge and replay previously learned information to reduce forgetting. To regularize unpaired training, we also introduce a local discriminator and feature consistency constraints to preserve the color, edge, and texture of the input image. The proposed method can continuously learn the three tasks using a network model and does not need to predetermine the nature of the bias, resulting in less time and memory requirements. Experimental results show that GAN can achieve better visual and numerical results in the three tasks.
Keywords: Cycle GAN, Cycle Consistency Loss, Adversarial Loss, Generator, Discriminator.
Domain: Machine Learning
